# AccountWithIncludes

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **int32** | Unique identifier of the account. | [readonly] 
**Name** | **string** | Arbitrary string representing the name of the account. Is autogenerated for personal accounts. | 
**Email** | **NullableString** | A string representing the billing e-mail of the account | 
**Phone** | **NullableString** | A string representing the phone number of the account | 
**AccountType** | [**AccountType**](AccountType.md) |  | 
**LabelIds** | **[]int32** | An array of integers representing unique identifier values associated with labels.  | 
**UpdatedAt** | **time.Time** | Timestamp of last update. | [readonly] 
**CreatedAt** | **time.Time** | Timestamp of creation. | [readonly] 
**Custom** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | The custom properties of the user. | [optional] 
**Address** | Pointer to [**NullableAddress**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewAccountWithIncludes

`func NewAccountWithIncludes(id int32, name string, email NullableString, phone NullableString, accountType AccountType, labelIds []int32, updatedAt time.Time, createdAt time.Time, ) *AccountWithIncludes`

NewAccountWithIncludes instantiates a new AccountWithIncludes object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAccountWithIncludesWithDefaults

`func NewAccountWithIncludesWithDefaults() *AccountWithIncludes`

NewAccountWithIncludesWithDefaults instantiates a new AccountWithIncludes object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetName

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetEmail

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetEmail() string`

GetEmail returns the Email field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmailOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetEmailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEmailOk returns a tuple with the Email field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmail

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetEmail(v string)`

SetEmail sets Email field to given value.


### SetEmailNil

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetEmailNil(b bool)`

 SetEmailNil sets the value for Email to be an explicit nil

### UnsetEmail
`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) UnsetEmail()`

UnsetEmail ensures that no value is present for Email, not even an explicit nil
### GetPhone

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetPhone() string`

GetPhone returns the Phone field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPhoneOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetPhoneOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPhoneOk returns a tuple with the Phone field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPhone

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetPhone(v string)`

SetPhone sets Phone field to given value.


### SetPhoneNil

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetPhoneNil(b bool)`

 SetPhoneNil sets the value for Phone to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPhone
`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) UnsetPhone()`

UnsetPhone ensures that no value is present for Phone, not even an explicit nil
### GetAccountType

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetAccountType() AccountType`

GetAccountType returns the AccountType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountTypeOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetAccountTypeOk() (*AccountType, bool)`

GetAccountTypeOk returns a tuple with the AccountType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountType

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetAccountType(v AccountType)`

SetAccountType sets AccountType field to given value.


### GetLabelIds

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetLabelIds() []int32`

GetLabelIds returns the LabelIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLabelIdsOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetLabelIdsOk() (*[]int32, bool)`

GetLabelIdsOk returns a tuple with the LabelIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLabelIds

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetLabelIds(v []int32)`

SetLabelIds sets LabelIds field to given value.


### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetUpdatedAt() time.Time`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetUpdatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.


### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.


### GetCustom

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetCustom() map[string]interface{}`

GetCustom returns the Custom field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetCustomOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetCustomOk returns a tuple with the Custom field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustom

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetCustom(v map[string]interface{})`

SetCustom sets Custom field to given value.

### HasCustom

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) HasCustom() bool`

HasCustom returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddress

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetAddress() Address`

GetAddress returns the Address field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddressOk

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) GetAddressOk() (*Address, bool)`

GetAddressOk returns a tuple with the Address field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddress

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetAddress(v Address)`

SetAddress sets Address field to given value.

### HasAddress

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) HasAddress() bool`

HasAddress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAddressNil

`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) SetAddressNil(b bool)`

 SetAddressNil sets the value for Address to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAddress
`func (o *AccountWithIncludes) UnsetAddress()`

UnsetAddress ensures that no value is present for Address, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


